New feature: Host Switcher (#1545)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_executing-a-remote-job.adoc

For recurring tasks, you can define start and end dates, number and frequency of runs.
You can also use cron syntax to define repetition.
ifndef::orcharhino[]

> For more information about cron, see the https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/automate-linux-tasks-cron[Automating System Tasks guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about cron, see https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/automate-linux-tasks-cron[Automate your Linux system tasks with cron].
```

Author: Addressed :+1:

> For more information about cron, see the https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/automate-linux-tasks-cron[Automate your Linux system tasks with cron].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about cron, see https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/automate-linux-tasks-cron[Automate your Linux system tasks with cron].
```

Author: Addressed :+1:

endif::[]

. Click *Submit*.

> The status of the jobs can be viewed in the *Recent Jobs* section on the same page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view status of the jobs in the *Recent Jobs* section on the displayed page.
```

Author: Addressed :+1:

> You can view status of the jobs in the *Recent Jobs* section on the same page.

Reviewer: The previous description says that clicking submit displays the new page. If this is still the case, then it wouldn't make sense to say "You can view status of the jobs on the **same** page." I would personally replace **same** with **displayed**.

Author: I confirmed in the UI of Satellite in the demo video. The status of the job is viewed on the same page. It will not load a dedicated page.

Reviewer: Understood :+1:

+
Replace _query_ with the filter expression that defines hosts, for example `"name ~ rex01"`.
For more information about executing remote commands with hammer, enter `hammer job-template --help` and `hammer job-invocation --help`.

.Switching between Hosts

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> When you are on a particular host in the {ProjectWebUI}, you can navigate between hosts without leaving the page with the host switcher.

Reviewer 3: Reading `without` and then `with` isn't great IMHO. How about:
```suggestion
When you are on a particular host in the {ProjectWebUI}, you can navigate between hosts without leaving the page by using the host switcher.
```

Author: Yes. Makes sense. Sure thing. Thanks @ekohl :+1:

> Click the ⇄ next to the hostname.

Reviewer 2: I think icons are usually bold, so it'd be `*⇄*` I guess. Please check using `git grep`.

Author: Addressed :+1:

> Click the{nbsp} image:../images/two-opposite-arrows.png[,15]{nbsp} next to the hostname.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Click the{nbsp} image:common/two-opposite-arrows.png[,15]{nbsp} next to the hostname.
```

if my understanding of this is correct (it might not be!) you don't need to reference the `images` folder, as that is the default for images anyways, but you do need to reference the `common` one.

A list of hosts is displayed in alphabetical order with a pagination arrow and a search bar to find the host you are looking for.

.Remote Execution Jobs

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
